README.md, before:

#  Light Awareness Plugin - Demo Project UE5

<img src="https://cemakkaya.com/ImageHost/splash.jpg" alt="plugin-light-awareness" width="100%"/>


## About This Demo

This is an Unreal Engine plugin demo project in order to  detect light conditions on any actor independent of Light Source Type, Screen Effects and similar.

Original Plugin can be accessed from [This Link](https://github.com/cem-akkaya/LightAwareness)

All demo logic is present in Third Person Character blueprints. Demo level consists of various lights, test environment.

You can change the scripting logic to achieve different results and see the cost of the plugin in tick time. Component created at runtime and all
settings also defined per instance. You can use the networking to see the plugin in action.

If you have any bug or crash, please open an issue in the GitHub repo.\
If you have suggestions, questions or need help to use you can always contact [me](https://github.com/cem-akkaya)<br>

If you want to contribute, feel free to create a pull request.

## In Project

You can find all the logic in the default BP_ThirdPersonCharacter

<img src="https://cemakkaya.com/ImageHost/howto.jpg" alt="Demo Image" width="100%"/>

Test Level Widgets and Networking

<img src="https://cemakkaya.com/ImageHost/howto1.jpg" alt="Demo Image" width="100%"/>
<img src="https://cemakkaya.com/ImageHost/howto2.jpg" alt="Demo Image" width="100%"/>

Project Demo Video
[This Link](https://cemakkaya.com/ImageHost/LightAwarenessDemo.webm)
<video width="100%" height="100%" controls><source src="https://cemakkaya.com/ImageHost/LightAwarenessDemo.webm" type="video/webm"></video>

## License

This plugin demo is under [MIT license](LICENSE).

MIT License does allow commercial use. You can use, modify, and distribute the software in a commercial product without any restrictions.

However, you must include the original copyright notice and disclaimers.

## *Support Me*

If you like my plugin, please do support me with a coffee.

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/akkayaceq" target="_blank"><img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/default-yellow.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" height="41" width="174"></a>

Commit message:

Update readme file and disable a custom editor plugin preventing user from compilation.

README.md, after:

#  Light Awareness Plugin - Demo Project UE5

<img src="https://cemakkaya.com/ImageHost/splash.jpg" alt="plugin-light-awareness" width="100%"/>


## About This Demo

This is an Unreal Engine plugin demo project in order to  detect light conditions on any actor independent of Light Source Type, Screen Effects and similar.

Original Plugin can be accessed from [This Link](https://github.com/cem-akkaya/LightAwareness)

All demo logic is present in Third Person Character blueprints. Demo level consists of various lights, test environment.

You can change the scripting logic to achieve different results and see the cost of the plugin in tick time. Component created at runtime and all
settings also defined per instance. You can use the networking to see the plugin in action.

If you have any bug or crash, please open an issue in the GitHub repo.\
If you have suggestions, questions or need help to use you can always contact [me](https://github.com/cem-akkaya)<br>

If you want to contribute, feel free to create a pull request.

## Usage
1- Download prject from Git and Generate Project files.\
2- Open your IDE and  Build project. If you are building from UProject you can get a plugin error. Just disable it and build.\
3- Open project and make sure the LightAwareness Plugin is enabled.\
4- PIE and test in editor.

## In Project

You can find all the logic in the default BP_ThirdPersonCharacter

<img src="https://cemakkaya.com/ImageHost/howto.jpg" alt="Demo Image" width="100%"/>

Test Level Widgets and Networking

<img src="https://cemakkaya.com/ImageHost/howto1.jpg" alt="Demo Image" width="100%"/>
<img src="https://cemakkaya.com/ImageHost/howto2.jpg" alt="Demo Image" width="100%"/>

Project Demo Video
[This Link](https://cemakkaya.com/ImageHost/LightAwarenessDemo.webm)
<video width="100%" height="100%" controls><source src="https://cemakkaya.com/ImageHost/LightAwarenessDemo.webm" type="video/webm"></video>

## License

This plugin demo is under [MIT license](LICENSE).

MIT License does allow commercial use. You can use, modify, and distribute the software in a commercial product without any restrictions.

However, you must include the original copyright notice and disclaimers.

## *Support Me*

If you like my plugin, please do support me with a coffee.

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/akkayaceq" target="_blank"><img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/default-yellow.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" height="41" width="174"></a>
